So you ran your first script by calling 'bash' and then 'first_script.sh'.
So this explicitly uses the bash command to run your script, but since you defined it in your second
script.
You're already telling it to use bash so you can actually just call the filename itself and your script
will run because you predefined that it will use bash here.   But where is your script?
You need to use a new command to actually see where your script is.
That's called 'ls'.
So there you see, we have our first and second ones.
And this is basically the same thing as--remember from the earlier lectures;
this is the same as doing--opening the Finder window and seeing that.
So I'm going to split my screen there so you can see.
(to self) desktop..
So there's my first and second script, so there's two important things that you need to learn
before you can actually run your script, and it probably seems like there's a lot of you know, you
have to keep learning this, to learn this, to do that.
And you haven't really actually written a script yet.
But these are some foundational things that will make sense,
and then they will--you'll be able to do them really fast.
So this first first part is going to be really slow,
and then once you get some foundational knowledge, then you'll be writing scripts like it's nobody's
business.